# Business Challenge

<div align="left">In 2017, IBM setup Cognitive Sales Experience(CSE) initiative to enable sales transformation and optimize business development across Global Market, GBS and Software. The goal of CSE is to provide unique capabilities for IBM ~31K client facing sellers to help them prepare and engage clients, and provide common apps for them.</div><div align="left"><br></div><div align="left">Cognitive Architect, a part of strategic app in CSE, is positioned to help IBM Solution Architects to create solution design. Currently, while IBM Solution Architects start to work on solution design for particular client, it is difficult for them to find architectural assets for the particular industry & technologies for reference and reuse. And different architects are using different tools to create architectures. Tools like Powerpoint and Visio are not architecture-specific, they do not enforce modeling of architectures based on architectural description standards, making it more difficult to validate architecture quality. Also, For some complex architectures, architects from different disciplines (application, infrastructure, data etc) are difficult to collaborate based on existed tools. Other tools like Rational System Architect which provides comprehensive architectural notation but is complex and difficult to learn and use. It has big demand to help IBM Solution Architects to improve their experience while preparing solution design. Several key pain point were identified after Design Thinking Workshop.<br></div><div align="left"><b><br></b></div><div align="left"><b>There is no simple on-line/off-line responsible web tool for Architects to compose architectures based on standardized architectural notation. </b></div>Architects are using different tools like PPT, Visio, Draw.io, Rational Software Architect to build up Architectures. Some of the tools like PPT, Visio are not specific for Architects, they could not help Architects to build architecture based on standardized architectural notation and difficult to validate the architecture quality.  Some of tools like Rational Software Architect, which provides comprehensive architecture notation to users, but it is a little complex and does not provide the on-line version<br><br><b>There is no online collaboration tool to help IBMers & clients work together on a solution architecture</b><br>In some cases, the architectures are worked out by the team collaboration, one Architecture might contains different sections of artifact instances like System Context, Architecture Overview, Physical Operational Model, etc.., and different sections might be worked by different architects, then it is important that a tool could provides online collaboration functionalities like multiple editor, in-app notification, comments and review with clients.<br><br><b>There is no centralized place for IBM architects/technical sales to find a relevant reference architecture or patterns to reuse on a specific solution</b><br><div>Currently, architectures for different technologies/industries/clients are distributed in different places in IBM, there is no centralized place for architects to find the valuable architectures which they could reference or reuse. and there also does not a place where users could share their architectures for social usage to gather more comments and improvement.</div>
